📖 Update amp-story-player.md (#29730)
ampproject/amphtml: spec/amp-story-player.md

Inline CSS properties for the width and height of the player. e.g. `style="width: 360px; height: 600px;"`

#### exit-control

> Set to `back-button` or `close-button`. The button will dispatch an `amp-story-player-back` or `amp-story-player-close` when clicked. This button will disappear when a page attachment is open and reappear when closed.

Reviewer: Please add an example like for the `style` attribute

> ## Specify embedded story

Reviewer: s/story/stories now?

> The `<amp-story-player>` component contains one `<a>` tag. Point the href attribute to the story URL.

Reviewer: Should be updated after all the new changes

  </a>
</amp-story-player>
```

> #### exit-control

Reviewer 2: repeated?

Author: Shouldn't this be repeated?

Set to `back-button` or `close-button`. The button will dispatch an `amp-story-player-back` or `amp-story-player-close` when clicked. This button will disappear when a page attachment is open and reappear when closed.

## Programmatic Control

> Call the player's various methods to programmatically control the player.

Reviewer 2: I'd like to add that the methods are exposed on the DOM HTML element and also in the global class variable. Not sure where would be the right place, maybe here?

### Methods

#### load

Will initialize the player manually. This can be useful when the player is dynamically added such as when using frameworks like React.

```
function StoryPlayer({ url, title, poster, width = 360, height = 600 }) {

       useEffect(() => {
           const playerEl = document.body.querySelector('amp-story-player');

>            const player = new AmpStoryPlayer(window, playerEl); // Previously exposed global var

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
           const player = new AmpStoryPlayer(window, playerEl); 
```

           player.load();
	}, []);

	return (
		<div>
		  <amp-story-player style={{ width: `${width}px`, height: `${height}px`}}>
			<a href={url}>
			    {title}
			</a>
		  </amp-story-player>
		</div>
	);
}
```

#### go

> - number: the story in the player to which you want to move, relative to the current story.

Reviewer 2: Here and below: Let's add a "parameters" subheading before the parameters to provide a bit more clarity.

  </a>
</amp-story-player>
```

## Programmatic Control

> Call the player's various methods to programmatically control the player. These methods are exposed on the DOM HTML element, `const playerEl = document.querySelector('amp-story-player')` and on the global class variable,`const player = new AmpStoryPlayer(window, playerEl)`.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion: should we document only one of these to be more clear? In both cases you have a reference to `playerEl`.

Two nits:
- the `DOM` word does not add any information and can be dropped
- in your example you say the methods are exposed on the global class variable which would be `AmpStoryPlayer`, but your example shows that the methods are on the instance of that class

### Methods

#### load

> Will initialize the player manually. This can be useful when the player is dynamically added such as when using frameworks like React.

Reviewer: I think our documentation should be framework agnostic. At the scale of the web not that many people use React, and we don't want to update our documentation if there's a React update.

```
function StoryPlayer({ url, title, poster, width = 360, height = 600 }) {

       useEffect(() => {
           const playerEl = document.body.querySelector('amp-story-player');
           const player = new AmpStoryPlayer(window, playerEl);
           player.load();
	}, []);

	return (
		<div>
		  <amp-story-player style={{ width: `${width}px`, height: `${height}px`}}>
			<a href={url}>
			    {title}
			</a>
		  </amp-story-player>
		</div>
	);
}
```

#### go

**Parameters**

- number: the story in the player to which you want to move, relative to the current story.

> If the player is currently on the third story out of ten stories, `player.go(1)` will go forward one story to the fourth story and `player.go(-1)` will go backward one story to the second story. If no value is passed or if delta equals 0, current story will persist and no action will be taken.

Reviewer: Please split these into two examples, when written sequentially they're getting confusing: go(1) goes to the 4th story and go(-1) should go back to the third. I know what you meant but we should remove any ambiguity.

#### show

**Parameters**

- string: the URL of the story to show.

> Will change the current story being displayed by the player. If the URL is not found, an error will be thrown. This will be changed later on to automatically add the story.

Reviewer: "If the URL is not found" > "If the Story was not previously added using the `add()` method"

```
player.show(url);
```

#### add

**Parameters**

> - array of storyObj: contains the stories to be added.

Reviewer: Array of Stories? I don't think we should tell people how to name this, especially since we don't even call it `storyObj` in our codebase

**StoryObj Type**

- href string: story URL
- title string (optional): story title, to be added to the anchor's title
- posterImage string (optional): a URL for the story poster. Used as a placeholder while the story loads.

> The player will try to load the story from the cache that was specified at the player level.

Reviewer: Please add more context as "the cache" could be different things here.

eg: "The player will rewrite the URL using the AMP Cache prefix provided in the player level attribute."

```
player.add([
 {href: '/stories/1', title: 'A great story', posterImage: 'poster1.png'},
 {href: '/stories/2', posterImage: 'poster2.png'},
 {href: '/stories/3'},
]);
```

#### mute/unmute

> Will mute/unmute the current story. This will not persist across stories, eg. calling `player.mute()` on the first story will not mute the second story.

Reviewer: Please add information about the default state. We should call out that we can't unmute() on the web unless it was previously unmuted by the user.
Only webviews explicitly allowing autoplaying media with sound can use `unmute` right away.

```
player.mute();
player.unmute();
```

#### play/pause

> Will play/pause the current story. This will have an effect when there is either page auto-advancement or media playing. Otherwise, this has no effect.

Reviewer: I think it doesn't navigate on tap if the Story is paused?

Will mute/unmute the current story. This will not persist across stories, eg. calling `player.mute()` on the first story will not mute the second story.

> Please note that due to web standards, the default state is muted and cannot be unmuted unless the user unmuted previously. Only webviews explicitly allowing autoplaying media with sound can use unmute right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that due to browser restrictions on autoplaying media with sound, the default state is muted and the story cannot be unmuted unless the user manually unmuted previously. Only webviews explicitly allowing autoplaying media with sound can use `unmute()` right away.
```
